Question and Answer Message Board
Create a question and answer message board where a user submits a question and other users can respond with answers.

Questions should have the content of the question itself, an author and additional notes.
Answers should have the content of the answer and the author.
Include a header and/or navbar that appears on all pages containing the name of your site and a link to the home page.
List all questions on the homepage, with only the question and the name of the author showing.
Users should be able to click on a question to view additional information.
Allow users to add and edit questions.
Allow users to add answers to a question. Answers should be added and viewed on the same page as the question they respond to.


Further Exploration
If you have completed the objectives for the code review, consider adding some additional features:

Add custom styling.
Implement upvote/downvote functionality so that users may vote on answers.
Add tags to questions.


2.) Continuation of Question & Answer Board
Continue developing the Question and Answer message board application from last week's independent project and code review by integrating the Ember features and functionality we learned this week.

Implement at least one computed property.
Possible Ideas: Allow users to upvote the answer they think is best, then sort answers by number of upvotes. Or display the number of answers each question has with a computed property.
Add a helper.
Possible Ideas: Nicely-formatted timestamps on questions and/or answers, a formatting change or special icon for questions with no answers, or questions with large numbers of answers, a formatting change or special icon for the answer with the most upvotes, etc.
Integrate a service.
Possible Ideas: Allow users to create lists of favorite questions or answers to reference later.
Further Exploration

Allow users to upvote and downvote questions. Then, sort questions by number of votes.
Create an admin area.
Include additional computed properties.
Use a nested route, if applicable.
Implement a feature that uses a Firebase query.
Integrate tags or categories to further organize questions.
